Chicken Parmesan is no doubt the most popular non-pasta dish in Italian-American style restaurants. And while this delicious meal may seem fancy, it's actually pretty easy to make at home.

In fact, chicken Parmesan is one of those meals that's often best made in your own kitchen. The main problem I have with most versions of Chicken Parmesan served in restaurants is that they drown the chicken in so much sauce and cheese that it ends up being a big soggy clump of chicken and cheese. But it doesn't have to be that way, not with this method.

Unlike many restaurant preparations, this method doesn't overwhelm the chicken with sauce and cheese. The key to great non-soggy chicken Parmesan? Don't put any sauce under the chicken cutlets, just a little bit of sauce on top, so the breading stays relatively crisp. If you like a lot of sauce on your chicken Parmesan, that's fine, you can always serve extra sauce on the side. I also use some actual Parmesan cheese in this recipe! Curiously, most versions of chicken Parmesan only use mozzarella. Here, I'm going with a delicious mixture of fresh mozzarella, tangy Provolone and real Parmesan.

Another little trick I employ here is to add some grated Parmesan to the breadcrumbs, which adds another layer of flavor. You'll fry the breadcrumb and Parmesan crusted chicken breasts just to golden brown before transferring them to a baking pan and adding sauce (but not too much!), cheese, and herbs. Okay, now let's break it down.the best chicken parmesan with a deliciously crispy coating, smothered in a rich homemade tomato sauce and melted mozzarella cheese!
Oven baked Chicken Parmesan is simple to make and worth every minute! If you love a crispy crumb coating vs a soggy crumb, look no further! The best you will ever make!Chicken Parmesan (also called Chicken Parmigiana) is one of the most loved, most popular AND most ordered chicken recipes in the world. BUT often times, chicken comes out too dry, or doesn’t have enough flavour or seasoning. The sauce is bland, or cheddar cheese is used instead of mozzarella, etc.

This chicken parmesan has been said to be the best by many of our readers over the years.For the best flavour combination, the breading is made up of a combination of four ingredients!

Panko —  a Japanese breadcrumb found in any supermarket or grocery store, usually in Asian isles. Dryer than regular breadcrumbs, they absorb less oil producing a crispy and crunchier crumb!
Breadcrumbs — Italian seasoned, golden or whatever you have on hand.
Parmesan cheese (or Provolone)
Garlic (or onion) powder.It’ll look like you spent hours in the kitchen, but this parmesan chicken recipe is easy to make with common ingredients.
While it is traditionally deep-fried or often pan-fried in melted butter, this baked chicken parmesan is an easier version without all of the oil.
The chicken comes out tender and juicy, and tastes as good as a restaurant at a fraction of the price.hicken – For this chicken parmesan recipe, you’ll need boneless skinless chicken breasts or chicken cutlets. If using chicken breasts, pound them to ½-inch thick so they cook evenly.

Breading – I use two types of crumbs in this breadcrumb mixture; Panko adds crunch, while the finer breadcrumbs give a more even crust. Use pre-seasoned breadcrumbs, or add some Italian seasoning and salt to your own fine breadcrumbs.

Cheese – Parmesan cheese adds flavor while the melted mozzarella cheese gives this chicken parm recipe its delicious cheesy topping.

Tomato Sauce – Any marinara or pasta sauce will work, I choose a high quality sauce as the sauce adds a lot of flavor to this dish.