Preheat an oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).Place chicken breasts between two sheets of heavy plastic (resealable freezer bags work well) on a solid, level surface. Firmly pound chicken with the smooth side of a meat mallet to a thickness of 1/2-inch.Season chicken thoroughly with salt and pepper. Using a sifter or strainer; sprinkle flour over chicken breasts, evenly coating both sidesBeat eggs in a shallow bowl and set aside.Mix bread crumbs and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese in a separate bowl, set aside.Dip a flour-coated chicken breast in beaten eggs. Transfer breast to the bread crumb mixture, pressing crumbs into both sides. Repeat for each breast. Let chicken rest for 10 to 15 minutes.Heat 1/2 inch olive oil in a large skillet on medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer. Cook chicken in the hot oil until golden, about 2 minutes per side. The chicken will finish cooking in the oven.ransfer chicken to a baking dish. Top each breast with 2 tablespoons tomato sauce. Layer each chicken breast with equal amounts of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil, and provolone cheese. Sprinkle remaining Parmesan over top and drizzle each with 1/2 teaspoon olive oil.Bake in the preheated oven until cheese is browned and bubbly and chicken breasts are no longer pink in the center, 15 to 20 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

Preheat oven 430°F | 220°C. Lightly grease an oven tray (or baking dish) with non stick cooking oil spray; set aside.
Whisk together eggs, garlic, parsley, salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Add chicken into the egg, rotating to evenly coat each fillet in the mixture. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to marinate for at least 15 minutes (or overnight night if time allows for a deeper flavour).
When chicken is ready for cooking, mix bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese and garlic powder together in a separate shallow bowl. Dip chicken into the breadcrumb mixture to evenly coat.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat until hot and shimmering. Fry chicken until golden and crispy, (about 4-5 minutes each side).
Place chicken on prepared baking tray / dish and top each breast with about 1/3 cup of sauce (sauce recipe below). Top each chicken breast with 2-3 slices of mozzarella cheese and about 2 tablespoons parmesan cheese. Sprinkle with basil or parsley. 
Bake for 15-20 minutes, or until cheese is bubbling and melted, and the chicken is completely cooked through.Heat oil in a medium-sized pot. Fry onion until transparent (about 3 minutes), then add the garlic until fragrant (about 30 seconds).
Add the tomato puree, salt and pepper to taste, Italian herbs and sugar (If using). Cover with lid to simmer for about 8 minutes, or until sauce has thickened slightly. Taste test and adjust salt and pepper, if needed.Serve with pasta, mashed potato, a salad, steamed veggies, zucchini noodles or cauliflower rice for the perfect meal!Bread the chicken: Bread the chicken breasts and lightly brown them in a pan (per the recipe below).Add marinara sauce: Place them into a casserole dish with marinara sauce and top with cheese.
Top with cheese & bake: Bake until the chicken is cooked through and the cheese is golden brown and bubbly.Preheat the oven to 425°F.
Place the flour in a shallow bowl or dish. Place the eggs in a second shallow dish and beat with a fork.
In a third shallow dish, combine Panko, Italian seasoned crumbs, grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, ½ teaspoon salt, and ¼ teaspoon pepper.
Using a meat mallet, pound the chicken breasts to ½-inch thickness. After pounding, if they're very large, you can cut them in half. Pat the chicken dry with paper towels and season with ½ teaspoon salt and ¼ teaspoon black pepper.
Dip chicken into the flour and shake to remove any excess. Dip chicken in beaten eggs, then into the bread crumb mixture and gently press to adhere. 
Preheat the oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet. Brown the chicken for about 2 minutes per side or until golden. It does not need to cook through.
In the bottom of a 9×13 baking dish, add 1 ½ cups of marinara sauce. Add the browned chicken. Top each piece of chicken with 2 tablespoons of marinara sauce in the center. Top with mozzarella and shredded parmesan.
Bake for 20-25 minutes or until golden and bubbly and the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 165°F with an instant-read thermometer.
Sprinkle with fresh herbs and serve over pasta.Pound the chicken breasts to an even thickness so they cook evenly. Chicken cutlets can be used in place of chicken breasts.
Dab the chicken dry with a paper towel, this will help the coating stick.
Gently press the breadcrumbs onto the chicken to ensure they adhere.
Preheat the oil in the pan before adding the chicken for a crispier crumb.
Don’t add too much sauce to the baking pan, you can heat extra sauce on the side if desired.  With a sharp chef's knife, split chicken breasts in half horizontally. Working one piece at a time, place inside a plastic zipper-lock bag and pound with a meat pounder or the bottom of a skillet to an even 1/4-inch thickness. Transfer to a large bowl.Add 1 1/2 cups buttermilk and minced garlic to bowl. Season with 2 tablespoons kosher salt and 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper. Turn chicken with hands until salt, pepper, and garlic are evenly incorporated and all the chicken is coated in buttermilk mixture. Transfer to a large zipper-lock bag, press out the air, and seal. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to overnight (see note).Meanwhile, place bread slices on a rack set in a rimmed baking sheet. Leave out on counter for at least 4 hours and up to overnight until mostly dried.

The next day, break bread into rough pieces (leave the wire rack in the rimmed baking sheet) and combine with 4 ounces Parmesan cheese in the food processor. Season with black pepper. Process until bread is finely ground, about 20 seconds. Transfer mixture to a large shallow bowl or pie plate.Place flour in a second shallow bowl or pie plate. Whisk eggs, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, and 1 tablespoon of the flour in a third pie plate. Drizzle remaining 2 tablespoons buttermilk over the bread crumb/Parmesan mixture and incorporate with your fingertips. The mixture should be mealy, but hold together in clumps if you squeeze it together with your hands.Working one piece of chicken at a time, remove from the bag and add to flour. Turn to coat, shake off excess, and add to egg mixture. Turn to coat, letting excess drip off, and add to bread crumb mixture. Turn to coat, piling crumbs on top and pressing down firmly so a thick layer adheres. Transfer coated chicken to the wire rack and repeat with remaining chicken breasts.Preheat oven to 425°F. Place sauce in a medium saucepan and heat over low heat, stirring occasionally, until barely simmering. Remove from heat and set aside.

Heat oil in a large non-stick or cast iron skillet over medium-high heat until it registers 375 to 400°F on an instant read or deep-frying thermometer. Working in batches, carefully add chicken by lowering the cutlets away from you into the oil. Add as many cutlets as will fit in one layer (2 to 3).Cook, swirling pan gently and using a thin flexible metal spatula to loosen chicken if it sticks, until chicken is golden-brown and crisp on bottom side, about 2 minutes. Using a thin metal spatula and a fork, carefully flip chicken and cook until golden brown on second side. Transfer chicken to a paper-towel lined plate to drain and repeat with remaining chicken.Spoon 1/3 of sauce onto the bottom of a casserole or oven-safe serving dish. Shingle chicken pieces on top of sauce. Top with more sauce, forming a line down the center. Combine mozzarella and remaining 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese in a large bowl and toss to coat. Lay cheese mixture over chicken in a straight line down the center.Transfer to the oven and cook until cheese is melted and bubbly, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven and immediately grate fresh Parmesan on top. Allow to rest for 3 minutes, top with chopped herbs, and serve immediately.Slice the chicken to create 2-3 thinner slices. Use a meat tenderizer to pound to 1/2-inch thick. Pat dry and season with salt and pepper. Dredge in flour, egg, and breadcrumb mixtures and fry in oil until crispy. Set aside on a wire cooling rack. Transfer chicken to a baking sheet and top with marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese. Bake at 400° for 15 minutes. Garnish with parsley and serve!Prepare and refrigerate: Bread and fry the chicken as outlined, don’t add sauce/cheese. Let it cool completely. Cover in an airtight container and refrigerate for 1-2 days.
When ready to serve: Place chicken in a casserole dish (without cheese/sauce), cover and bake at 425° for 10 minutes to heat it through. Remove cover and spoon sauce on top and add cheese. Bake uncovered for 15 minutes, or until cheese is melted. Serve!Prepare and freeze: Bread and fry the chicken as outlined, don’t add sauce/cheese. Flash freeze on a large plate for 1-2 hours. Wrap individually in foil and place in a labeled gallon freezer bag, seal out the air. Store for 3-4 months.
When ready to serve: Let thaw completely overnight. Place breaded chicken in a casserole dish. Cover and bake at 425° for 10 minutes to heat it through. Remove cover and spoon sauce on top and add cheese. Bake uncovered for 15 minutes, or until cheese is melted. Serve!Store in an airtight container and refrigerate for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 3 months. Leftovers freeze well!
To reheat: Thaw completely and bake in a covered casserole dish at 350° for 20-25 minutes.Preheat oven to 425°.
Combine the flour, egg, and breading mixtures in 3 separate shallow pans. (Be sure to beat the eggs until very frothy, this ensures they’re light/airy and not too dense.)
Slice the chicken in half lengthwise to create 2-3 thinner slices. Cover with plastic wrap and use the textured side of a meat mallet to pound it to ½ inch thick. (Thin is key here.) Pat dry. Sprinkle each side lightly with salt/pepper.
Dredge completely in the flour mixture, working the flour into every nook and cranny of the chicken. Tap off excess.
Dip the chicken in the egg mixture until just coated, use your fingers to slide off excess. (Too much egg left on the chicken can bleed through the breading, which will make it less crispy.)
Coat the chicken generously in the breadcrumbs.
Heat oil over medium-high heat. Once glistening, add the first batch of chicken, don’t overcrowd the skillet. Brown on each side for 3-4 minutes, until golden. If the oil gets too hot, adjust it down slightly, and adjust it up again later if needed.
Remove chicken with a slotted spatula and set on a wire cooling rack. Repeat with remaining chicken.
Transfer the chicken to a large, light colored baking sheet. (Dark baking sheets attract more heat and can cook the chicken too quickly.)
Top with marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese.
Bake uncovered for 12 minutes. Broil at 425° for 1-2 minutes at the end if you’d like to brown the top a little more, watch it closely during this time.
Garnish with fresh parsley and serve with spaghetti and garlic bread with cheese. Ensure the internal temperature is 165° prior to serving.